# TMDb-Movie-project
Perfoming data wrangling and visualization on the tmdb-movie dataset using python and its libraries.
<br/>This data set contains information about 10,000 movies collected from The Movie Database.It describes the budgets,revenues,popularity and the genres of the movies.<br/>It also shows the release dates of movies,its cast,directors and production companies to mention a few.
<br/>The data set contains 21 columns:
<br/>-id-its the unique identifier for every movie.
<br/>-imdb_id-shows the identity of a movie.
<br/>-popularity-shows how popular the movie is.
<br/>-budget-the amount it will cost to make the movie.
<br/>-revenue-the amount of income generated by a movie.
<br/>-original title-the original title of the movie.
<br/>-cast-the actors in the movie.
<br/>-homepage-link that will take you to the movie.
<br/>-director-creative lead of the movie.
<br/>-tagline-short text associated with the film.
<br/>-keywords-words attached to the movie.
<br/>-overview-summary of the movie.
<br/>-runtime-the length of the movie.
<br/>-genre-category in which a movie belongs
<br/>-production companies-where a movie was produced.
<br/>-release date-the date in which a movie was released.
<br/>-vote count-number of votes a movie received.
<br/>-vote average-average votes a movie received.
<br/>-release year-the year when a movie was released.
<br/>-budget_adj-the amount it will take to produce amovie in 2010 dollars.
<br/>-revenue_adj-amount generated by a movie in 2010 dollars.

Question(s) for Analysis


QUESTIONS THIS ANALYSIS WILL ANSWER
<br/>1.Top eleven movies that generated more money for the respective production companies.
<br/>2.Which movies received a higher number of votings(Top ten)?
<br/>3.Number of movies released since the year 2000
<br/>4.What is the correlation between runtime,vote count and popularity?
<br/>5.Which movies used alot of money for production?
<br/>6.What is the correlation between profit,budget and revenue?
